Alternate Booster event:
	Instead of Booster being dropped down in that room before the Balrog labyrinth fight,
	he's in the frog doctor's room with Curly. You can choose to give the Cure-All to either
	Curly or Booster. Curly will say Booster needs it more than she does. 
	
New Villian:
	A virus that was inintentionally installed onto Quote, that began rewriting and
	adding to Quote's memories. It takes up many forms in the various times it is
	seen in the game. It feeds off of the energy from Quote's strongest defeated enemies.
	Until a better name comes by (unless this name grows enough on me); They'll be named
	Malwa. (Uirusu)
	
Puu Replacement:
	Instead of fighting Puu Black, you fight Malwa. She enlarges the room before the 
	fight starts, demonstrating her ability to manipulate the game in some way.
	
Memory Cores:
	Malwa's goal is to absorb Quote's dead friends and enemies and take them for herself,
	wiping Quote's memory so that she can take control of his body. She absorbs the following
	key characters as the game goes on:
		Toroko - Right after leaving the room where Rabid Toroko is fought.
		King - Same as above.
		Doctor - After Quote leaves the final boss room.
		Jenka - Right before/as Quote enters the Bloodstained Sanctuary.
		Curly - Crushed along with Quote right after the Ballos fight.
	The Memory Cores are associated with:
		Toroko - Finding the silver locket after losing it in the labyrinth.
		King - Stolen from Malwa during her mandatory boss fight.
		Jenka - Life Pot. Must not be used.
		Curly - Iron Bond given after restoring Curly's memory. (Maybe also the underwear)
	Others are found in the extra area if all of the above are found beforehand:
		Kazuma - Getting the Explosive back after Balfrog X fight
		Remaining Mimigas - Getting Arthur's Key back after Black Toroko & Cohorts fight
		Curly (Part 1) - Getting Curly's Air Tank after fighting Core X
		Booster - Getting Booster v2.0 after fighting The Sisters X
		Curly (Part 2) - Getting Curly's Underwear after fighting CROSS-CLONE
		Momorin & Itoh - Getting the Mimiga Mask back after Black Ogre fight
		Sue - Getting Sue's letter after Sue? and Misery? fight
		Doctor's Minions - Getting Whimsical Star after Pooh Black and Despair fight
		Curly (Part 3) - Getting Curly's Air Tank after Lost Curly fight
		Jenka & Ballos - Getting the Dream Cannon after Memory Head fight
		Quote (and everything else) - Defeating Shin Malwa/Shin Uirusu
	The less key items that Quote has before meeting Malwa on the Balcony?,
	the stronger Malwa is in the extra part of the game. The Iron Bond is necessary, 
	as it marks the moment Quote learns his name. 
	If Quote manages to defeat Malwa on the Balcony? she'll give him a choice to let her go
	or kill her. 
		If Quote chooses to let her go, she stands up and strikes Quote straight through
		the heart, and absorbs his body, forcing the game to run through a command-like
		interface that ends with "MEMORY CORRUPTED" repeated over and over again.
		If Quote chooses to kill her, she warps behind Quote as soon ah he fires and 
		stabs him in the back. She mocks Quote for thinking he had a chance and 
		absorbs his body.
	Mayhaps this needs to be trimmed down a bit. We'll see.
	
Why Uirusu is here:
	After the events of Cave Story when Quote, Curly, and Balrog have found a home to live in,
	Curly's been acting a bit strange. Every now and then she'll be lost in thought and look
	upset. She always puts up a smile whenever anyone asks and says she's okay. Since she won't
	tell her what's bothering her, Quote downloads a memory searcher program to see if recounting
	his past adventures would lead him to an answer. This program, unbeknownst to Quote, 
	was a virus. When Quote went to sleep that day, the virus began searching through his 
	memories to delete his data and take over his body. The name of the program was MALWA
	(Memory After Long While Accessor) or (Memory Archive Latent Working Accessor), the being
	living inside the program is Uirusu.
		If I'm crazy enough, I'll do a MALWA:RE 
		(Memory Archive Latent Working Accessor: Remastered Edition)